outfit "CMP Generator"
	category "Ammunition"
	cost 415000
	thumbnail "outfit/small regenerator hai"
	"mass" 28
	"outfit space" -28
	"CMP capacity" 3
	"CMP Expansion Capacity" 1.5
	"energy consumption" 4
	"heat generation" 6
	description "Though Hai technology is relatively stagnant and stable, some developments are made by those interested in pushing the limits of Hai technology. The Charged Matrix Projectile system is an interesting blend of energy and ammunition; CMP Generators like this one produce temporary ammunition from high amounts of energy which is then fired."
	description "CMPs work by creating a miniature shield matrix, then overcharging it so it's stable until long after it's fired. This has some unique effects: Though the CMP generators create significant amounts of heat, the projectiles act as heat sinks, absorbing heat to make them more volatile in open space. As such, the system overall produces less heat when firing."
	description "Though one generator can produce an endless stream of CMPs, there is a (rather generous) maximum throughput. This unit can support up to 3 CMP guns."

outfit "CMP Conduit"
	category "Ammunition"
	cost 205000
	thumbnail "outfit/small regenerator hai"
	"mass" 9
	"outfit space" -9
	"CMP capacity" 1
	"CMP Expansion Capacity" -1
	"energy consumption" 1.25
	"heat generation" 1.35
	description "The CMP Conduit works by amplifying the output of the host generator without consuming a massive amount of power, as well as providing an extra port and storage for produced CMPs."
	description "The ultimate result, however, is simple: Each conduit makes the overall CMP system more power-efficient, without increasing heat requirements by a ton."
	
outfit "CMP Launcher"
	category "Secondary Weapons"
	cost 285000
	thumbnail "outfit/ion cannon"
	"mass" 14
	"outfit space" -14
	"weapon capacity" -14
	"gun ports" -1
	"CMP capacity" -1
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/torpedo"
			"frame rate" 4
		sound "ion"
		ammo "CMP Generator" 0
		icon "icon/rocket"
		"hit effect" "heavy rocket hit"
		"die effect" "small explosion"
		"inaccuracy" 2
		"velocity" 11
		"lifetime" 100
		"reload" 105
		"firing energy" 25
		"firing heat" -150
		"acceleration" 0.7
		"drag" .1
		"trigger radius" 35
		"blast radius" 75
		"shield damage" 550
		"hull damage" 460
		"hit force" 300
		"missile strength" 18
		safe
	description "The CMP system is a remarkably complex system of weapon technology, but at the end of the day, the launcher portion is ultimately the end your enemies see. Though its rate of fire is quite sluggish, the fact that ammunition management is completely handed off to a separate system means that it can provide unparalleled power in the energy weapon space."
	description "Each launcher is designed to dump heat into the projectile to increase volatility, resulting in the weapon cooling its host ship as it fires. However, some energy is required to fire the weapon, so it's not a completely free method of cooling; nevermind the fact that the system overall runs net positive in terms of heat creation."
	
outfit "Hai Cotton Shield Dynamo"
	category "Systems"
	cost 225000
	thumbnail "outfit/small regenerator hai"
	"mass" 12
	"outfit space" -12
	"energy consumption" 0.22
	"shields" 940
	description "Unlike Human Auxilary Shield Matrixes, which operate as an extension to your ship's internal shield matrix and thus use no extra energy, Hai Shield Dynamos actively consume a steady stream of power to generate additional support fields for your ship's shields. The result is a MASSIVE improvement in space efficiency, at the cost of power consumption."
	description "The Hai name their auxilary shield matrixes after fabrics of varying comforts, as beefier shields tend to soften the blow of hard-hitting weapons."
	
outfit "Hai Felt Shield Dynamo"
	category "Systems"
	cost 600000
	thumbnail "outfit/small regenerator hai"
	"mass" 22
	"outfit space" -22
	"energy consumption" 0.46
	"shields" 3260
	description "This larger shield dynamo consumes a fair bit more power than its smaller cousin, but creates a much more durable extension to your shield matrix."
	
outfit "Hai Silk Shield Dynamo"
	category "Systems"
	cost 1050000
	thumbnail "outfit/small regenerator hai"
	"mass" 36
	"outfit space" -36
	"energy consumption" 0.88
	"shields" 7680
	description "This enormous shield dynamo is widely considered overkill; you're likely better off just installing a larger regenerator if protection is a worry to you. But if first-strike capability (or a lack of heat creation) is important to you, you can always slap one of these on your craft to massively increase its short-term durability."
	
outfit "Hai Fur Shield System"
	category "Systems"
	cost 1650000
	thumbnail "outfit/large regenerator hai"
	"mass" 48
	"outfit space" -48
	"required crew" 5
	"energy consumption" 0.58
	"shield generation" .6
	"shield energy" .5
	"shield heat" 1.9
	"shields" 6720
	description "A large auxilary shield system, designed to both massively improve shield capacity and provide efficent shield regeneration. Though weaker than each component bought separately, the addition of crew manning stations means that optimizations can be performed as needed, massively cutting down on energy consumption and heat production."